now after the brutal scene where we saw
pat deal with rock in front of terry and
meech we're now going to see him making
a proposition to detective brian the cop
who meech has on his payroll he's going
to fill his pockets full of cash to work
for him instead while meech works on
attacking lamar's weaknesses because
everybody does have a weakness so we're
going to tie this in with low 33 from
the 48 laws of power in this video which
is discover each man's thumb screw and
how much will use this law to strike
back and meech is going to attack lamar
while he has an internal conflict of his
own for the first time which he has to
deal with and we also see terry getting
an offer from hospital for his botched
eye surgery something that he laid to
use to start a legit business to even
further their drug business to come out
from underpass so we're going to run
through all things episode 5 and break
down the trailer as usual but of course
if you're new to the channel you haven't
done so already so remember to smash the
subscribe button you shouldn't see
everything bmf and power universe
related let's talk episode five and as
we move past the halfway point of the
season it's safe to say mitch has faced
a lot of problems early on he's been
kicked out of the flannery house he's
our territory taken from him he's had to
deal with the issues that cato has
brought to him such as having his food
truck shut down and his stash house
being hit twice and pai is suppressing
every moment he tries to go his own way
so he definitely has a long way to go
before he and terry becomes kings of
their own kingdom but we are definitely
going to see mitch and terry strike back
after how lamar hit them over the past
few episodes pat taught meech if someone
ever steps to you you have to strike
back so i definitely expect them to come
up with a plan and start to outsmart
lamar and definitely start to think
three moves ahead of him because so far
lamar has been one step ahead of meech
at every turn but that's also thanks to
kato as well we saw halima approach cato
in episode three to tell her that he
wants to know everything well keeps his
money and their stash and he wanted to
hit their pockets while they were full
and he did in episode 4 hoop and b miki
told meech that they took everything
from the stash house whatever that was
there and whatever product they have
left over now belongs to lamar so he at
the start shelves hit their food truck
while they were selling their stone
burgers lamar really made some big moves
in the last episode and we're going to
see mitch and terry strike back using
law 33 of the 48 laws of power in the
trailer for next week episode we hear
meech telling terry that everybody has a
weakness and that's what they have to
attack when it comes to lamar they need
to find a button with lamar which they
can press with some leaders they show
their weakness openly but others hide
them and i think we're gonna see meech
really started to play on lamar's
emotions in episode five but what are
lamar's weaknesses there's monique and
his baby girl who he definitely has a
lot of love for we saw how he was
describing the story of him reading the
stash house to her as a bedtime story
and this is where they're really telling
us where his mindset is lamarck is about
power and control that he has in the
streets a lot more which is no secret
this is above anything else that lamar
cares about and it was made clear in the
very first episode we see him slapping
the drink out of one of his own as he
starts to get questioned by his own crew
questioning lamar about how he was all
about business being first and we all
know lamar probably doesn't like being
questioned he just got himself into
power over the 12th street boys and he'd
want to continue to show his dominance
rather than any weaknesses and he'll do
this by any means necessary even if it
means disciplining one of his own we've
seen how crazy lamar is and sooner or
later he's definitely going to have to
go and mitch is going to have to get rid
of him because he is definitely becoming
a serious threat le mans wouldn't think
twice about getting rid of anybody who
stands in his way to power so for
example jaimo and flamel so miesha needs
to get rid of him but it won't be easy
to get rid of someone like lamar and
that's why we're going to see him
attacking his right hand man first we're
gonna see terry and b mickey attacking
slick and like terry said in episode 3
he's going to be ruling with an iron
fist and we're really going to see him
live up to his words but whatever
happens with slick i'm sure this is the
result lamar ringing beach and telling
him that he's just signed himself a
death warrant now one person who i do
think can help meeches flamel we saw the
fear in flamel's eyes when he saw lamar
but i do think he'll be back at some
point and may even take meech's offer up
but miche is definitely not scared of
lamar and he's ready to attack but he
also needs to get his house in order
first especially with kato kato has
definitely been slipping she keeps
questioning meech and pressing his
buttons episode after episode and sooner
or later micho terry will start to
question her loyalty and kato definitely
needs to be dealt with but she needs to
be dealt with as soon as possible before
she starts to cause even more damage
than she already has she started
slashing their prices of their product
lost over six k's worth of product at
the original stash house and now she had
lamar shut down their food truck and hit
meech's new stash and now with her being
in bed with mickey now as well that's a
whole nother problem in itself because
it's going to put the whole organization
at risk according to bemik's character
description which says that he's
secretly sleeping with someone that
could jeopardize the integrity of their
whole crew so meech definitely needs to
deal with cato that's for sure but to
move that business forward he needs to
learn about big l as well and who this
connect is which i'm sure terry will
tell him after we saw big l telling
terry that she wants to only work with
him so next week we'll probably see
terry and meech trying to come out under
pat once again but they've tried and
failed a number of times already to come
out under pat's thumb and he's going to
make another play to make sure he keeps
them right where he wants them by trying
to hire detective brian and put him on
his payroll we all know that meech
currently keeps his pockets full of cash
and he's had enough of meech he's had
enough of covering for him because it's
getting a lot more difficult to cover
meech's drug related crimes such as
jaimo's death so detective brian working
for pat instead is him trying to make
sure that he keeps meech and terry under
his thumb for a lot longer but what
could be really the game changing moment
for both mitch and terry is a settlement
that they get from the hospital for
terry's botched eye surgery karen's
dealing with their case and she's going
to bring them with a 25 000 offer that
charles wants to accept but lucille
doesn't she doesn't think that 25 000 is
enough for terry losing his eye and this
is something that they did settle on a
figure four with the hospital i don't
exactly know how much for though but
this was then the catalyst for them to
set up their own sedan service which
they use as a front to clean their money
transport their money and transport
their product using sophisticated
compartments in their cars and this is
how meech and terry will really start to
build their business if they go this way
of course but that's just a rundown of
what we saw from episodes 5 trailer and
what we can expect with lamar and meech
and how they use the money from the
settlement from the botched eye surgery
to set up their sedan business in real
life so drop all your thoughts and
comments down below let me know what you
think meat should do next kato
definitely needs to get smoked but how
much more damage will she cause before
she does get found out drop all your
comments down below and of course if
you're new to the channel and you
haven't done so already do remember to
smash the subscribe button you shouldn't
see everything bmf and power universe
related but as always thank you guys for
watching and i'll see you
next time